---
layout: post
title:  "Roulef Dreintal"
date:   2020-05-22
excerpt: "Crossbow-obsessed middle child."
image: /images/emblemPic.png
tag:
- Player
---

## Roulef Dreintal

### Personality

Roulef is the middle child of the rich Dreintal family, whose members are very influential with the King of Frondant. Several of Roulef's older brothers are generals, and he has an older sister married to another noble family. His uncle is the King's chief engineer.

Roulef isn't really bothered by most things in life. He's rather naive and trusting, but he knows a bit about mechanical contraptions. He mainly does his own thing, and tinkers with <a href="https://newfrondantdnd.github.io/NewFrondantHandbook/Roulefs-Crossbow/">his crossbow, Coronacht</a>, in his spare time. He's always looking for opportunities to add new features. He doesn't care about much else, but if he has nothing better to do, he might as well get some money for new supplies.

His current goal is to just get by. He doesn't want to disgrace his family, but he also doesn't care much for the King. Roulef has nothing against him, but he also has no special loyalty towards him, since Roulef doesn't really care about nobility and all that hierarchy nonsense. In his words as the middle child, "It hasn't really served me that well, so why should I care?"

### Description

Roulef is about 6’9”, and typically wears a leather jacket and leather pants both casually and during combat, unbecoming of his noble status. He carries a number of mechanical tools and pouches in his pcokets, which he uses to tinker with and repair his crossbow when it breaks down. He also typically wears a belt that holds dozens of pre-filled magazines filled with crossbow bolts, which he uses to reload his crossbow, since its fully-automatic nature makes it waste obscene amounts of ammunition.

### Story

During his childhood, Roulef grew up with a very comfortable life, but was often ignored and told what to do by his family. Roulef felt unsatisfied with his life when he was young, always feeling put down compared to his other siblings. Since his parents often ignored him, the highlight of his childhood was his visits to the workshop of his uncle, the head engineer for the king, who has created dozens of new weapon designs. Since Roulef didn't really like staying at home, he would frequently try to go to his uncle's place and watch him work.

Roulef's uncle developed a liking for him, and he even let Roulef do some basic tasks for him. As Roulef grew up, though, normal duties started to take over and he spent less and less time with his uncle. When Roulef became an adult, to Roulef's surprise, Roulef's uncle gave him a gift: Coronacht, an ornate repeating crossbow with multiple mechanical modules, each customizable, with parts that he could use to modify it however he wishes. Roulef made sure to pack Coronacht with him before he set out to New Frondant, and it's become a hobby of his to mess around with it whenever he's bored.

Roulef currently has his "healing injection" and "rapid-fire" modifications installed on his crossbow. He created the healing injection module himself; it's a hacked-together device that he created as part of his college studies into mechanical healing devices. The worksmanship is shoddy, and he can't use it on anyone else without damaging it.

### Prologue

Roulef was sent by his family to travel to the port city of Fairwinds, so he could take a boat to New Frondant for his new internship. Though his family told him to travel alone, he allowed the travel company to add three other travelers to the cart in exchange for some spending money. These travelers were Claire the Cleric, Drachmae, and Woodie Terrafire. After exchanging greetings, they were suddenly attacked by a vampire, and forced to kill it and retrieve their horse before sunset to avoid being attacked again.

The party tracked the vampire to a cave in the forest, and made use of Claire's many bags of flour both to detect the vampire's invisible traps but also set off fiery explosions, destroying the vampire's summoned zombies. They were then able to defeat the vampire by stabbing it in the heart with Drachmae's sharpened wooden quarterstaff.

They were later stopped by the Fairwinds police, since the city had received news of a vampire attack. They were forced to stay the night in the guardhouse, along with a noble named Joe Byron. In the middle of the night, there were a bunch of loud noises and a guard was found murdered. The party investigated the murder until Claire was able to expose Joe Byron as a vampire, revealing herself as an experienced vampire hunter. The party defeated Joe Byron, and were released from the guardhouse that morning. Claire told the party that they were welcome to join the Thousand-Year Order of vampire hunters any time they wish, and left to continue her work.

Roulef and Woodie then boarded the ship to New Frondant, meeting J.

### New Frondant

After a boring journey by sea to the continent of New Frondant, Roulef, Woodie, and J arrived at the new city. After Roulef received his orders to take a measuring orb to track the mithryl veins in the nearby forest from his boss, he met back up with his group and went shopping. There, they made trouble by buying dozens of pounds of flour and thousands of matches. Later, they headed to the adventuring guild, where Roulef demonstrated that he was the "fastest gun in the west" by firing multiple harmless cloth bolts at a respected adventurer named Clem. While the drunken Clem was furious, he was eventually pulled back by the guards. The party later grabbed the quest to slay some wolves and set off to the forest.

### Relationships

- Woodie Terrafire: Roulef is aware that Woodie lost his parents and that he's out for revenge. He sees Woodie as a useful adventuring partner, but does not particularly care for him. He definitely doesn't want to get involved with Woodie's goals.

- Drachmae: Roulef is interested in Drachmae for his tinkering skills, since elves are known to be much more experienced than humans. It must have taken quite a feat of engineering to get kicked out of the Elven lands.

- J: Roulef is very confused by J, and prefers not to get involved.

- Claire the Cleric: Roulef respects Claire's knowledge and strength. He's interested in what the Thousand-Year Order might have to offer in terms of magic items and crossbow technology, but he has no real interest in hunting vampires.
