---
layout: post
title:  "Claire"
date: 2020-05-20
excerpt: "Vampire hunter disguised as an inexperienced cleric."
image: /images/emblemPic.png
tag:
- npc
---

## Claire

### Description

Claire is an experienced vampire hunter who works for the Thousand-Year order, under the Church of Faeren Promise in the lands south of Frondant.

She carries a variety of monster hunting gear, such as flour, rope, silver, and wooden stakes, but much of it is hidden from view. Her signature parrying dagger is specially crafted to be deadly against vampires.

Claire avoids suspicion by pretending to be an inexperienced cleric delivering supplies between churches.

### Prologue

Claire traveled to Fairwinds when she found evidence that the rich noble, Joe Byron, had become a vampire. On the way to Fairwinds, she and the other people in the cart, Roulef, Drachmae, and Woodie, were attacked by a feral vampire. They were forced to hunt down and kill the vampire, using Claire's bags of flour as bombs to destroy the undead he raised, and eventually destroying the vampire's heart with Drachmae's sharpened quarterstaff.

Claire was later able to trap Joe Byron in the Fairwinds guardhouse by killing another vampire inside the guardhouse and making it look like it was a normal murder. Roulef and Woodie assisted Claire in killing Joe Byron as he attempted to escape the guardhouse before dawn, with Woodie landing the killing blow. Claire later gifted her parrying dagger to Woodie for helping kill Joe Byron.
